hello this is my vid on the fancy hidden
door bye
III human it was a great well there's a
great showcase of a great idea I
improved upon it by adding forth more
Pistons on the inside to make it more
seamless looking like nothing's there
realistically it's just for pretty sake
that's about it I candy the map is flat
grass made by Draghi and obviously this
is a piston mod made by hippopotamus
thanks for this mod love it hope it gets
into the actual game eventually also I'm
using a T flip-flop Luke dude 5 made it
great tutorial on that it worked well
for me and at the end of it it looks
like this basically pulls one end over
to the side and my improvement basically
to come down and right there and there
there'll be two that come up just when
you close it from the inside just to
make it pretty and yeah you get a nice
little room going just so what it's
actually happening is there's four
Pistons to there and then if you were on
the other side in line with this there's
two more facing that direction then one
pushing these two bookcases forward one
underneath there and there pulling those
up and then those two gold basically the
opposite this one this one and this one
and this one are on the same circuit
just you know inversed
I think I said that right anyhow and the
timing is pain-in-the-ass really I mean
it's fun it looks good but at the end of
the day it's pretty complicated I'm not
going to say I'm the greatest person
with redstone but and someone could
probably improve upon it I'm going to
also put a link in the base where every
that thing is calling and for this map
so people can screw out if it learn from
it etc etc you will need piston mod
also have a link for that and yeah so
this is the wiring setup for um III
human it works rather well for me I
think there's another one that he's made
I haven't really messed around with it
frankly just I just stick with what's
working so four Pistons that way like I
said and then to from the top and then
the one that you see right there in the
crosshair gets slid over and pushes
forward so yeah that's the gist of it
also the T flip-flop is just down here
also like I said tutorial from Luke dude
5 that'll also be in link to it
underneath well that's it thanks for
watching my bed hope you can learn from
it mess with it whatever goodbye